# Indigenous Art Gallery

## Documentation Knowledge Base Initial Designs

### Preamble

This document displays and explains some of the initial design sketches created during
experimentation and research with Confluence.

These designs are generally simplified, giving a basis for how the knowledge base might be
structured, and do not always show all of the required spaces/categories. These structures may also
be applied to environments outside of Confluence, so should there be any need to migrate away from
Confluence, these structures can follow.

The content placed in these sketches is only for demonstrative purposes and may not reflect the
content of the final knowledge base.

### Individual-oriented Proposal

![Individual-oriented design](https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/48eaf79ad87b6ee81435563b74ae0d0dff9cf0a5/docs/ArtGallery/Documentation%20Project/Documentation%20Design%20Sketches/InitialDesign1.png "Individual-oriented Design")

This design splits content between the various projects currently being worked on and then further
divides it based on the individual working on it, whos page will give a basic overview of their work
and area of expertise. This structure would create individual identity within the knowledge base,
giving members credit for their works through the structure, however it is not a very effective
design for a knowledge base designed to be accessable. This is more of an interesting thought
experiment than a workable design.

### Technology-oriented Proposal

![Technology-oriented design](https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/48eaf79ad87b6ee81435563b74ae0d0dff9cf0a5/docs/ArtGallery/Documentation%20Project/Documentation%20Design%20Sketches/InitialDesign2.png "Technology-oriented Design")

This design categorises content for the technology being used in the project based on its relevance
to the area of the project. This structure would be to the benifit of more experienced team members
who already understand the underlying technologies of the project and know how to navigate through
the knowledge base, meaning that it would be less welcoming to newer members without some guidance.
This structure works well as a living knowledge base that is consistently referred to while working
on the project.

### Developer/Client-oriented Proposal

![Developer/Client-oriented design](https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/48eaf79ad87b6ee81435563b74ae0d0dff9cf0a5/docs/ArtGallery/Documentation%20Project/Documentation%20Design%20Sketches/InitialDesign3.png "Developer/Client-oriented Design")

This design splits the knowledge base between content for the developers of the project and the
client. The content for developers is split between the active projects, while the client's content
is split between the relevant guides for the project/product and any reports coming from the
developers. This design addresses the need to accommodate for the client during the project's
progress, and provide a space for information on navigating the completed product.

### Internal/External-oriented Proposal

![Internal/External-oriented design](https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/48eaf79ad87b6ee81435563b74ae0d0dff9cf0a5/docs/ArtGallery/Documentation%20Project/Documentation%20Design%20Sketches/InitialDesign4.png "Internal/External-oriented Design")

Currently the most expansive design and the best candidate for the final structure, based on the
strucure proposed by Matthew Hesketh. Takes into account both developer and client needs, but is
designed to also accommodate onboarding by creating a space designed to aid in learning more about
the knowledge base itself (in the sketch this is shown as "Confluence Support", however this could
be applied to any platform), allowing newer members and clientele to get more easily acquainted with
navigating through the content. Internal content is separated between active projects, and generally
contains information on the technology and practices used in the project. This is a fairly
well-rounded design, and is both accessible and practical in its structure.

### BookStack Design

![BookStack Design](https://github.com/thoth-tech/documentation/blob/48eaf79ad87b6ee81435563b74ae0d0dff9cf0a5/docs/ArtGallery/Documentation%20Project/Documentation%20Design%20Sketches/InitialDesign5.png "BookStack Design")

Design created from client and delivery lead feedback. Provides sections for each project, newer
members, and clientele. Uses BookStack concepts, but can still be applied to other platforms like
GitHub pages. Last design created for the project.
