# Thoth Tech

Art Gallery

Security Review

Overview

**_Scope:_**

Thoth Tech is creating an Art Gallery for Indigenous art to be displayed and bought, there are
different stages in which security will need to be escalated. First stages is the development of the
Front and Back End, during the process of development it is crucial to use new and secure versions
of software, to ensure that coding are ensuring best practices. With the completion of this product
we have to ensure that we have a secure method of allowing users to purchase items from sellers
without having their data being breached.

**_Assets:_**

-Domain

-Website

-Products/Art

-Media Accounts

-User Data

**_Current Security:_**

Currently, we are still developing the applications so there is no current security level. Therefore
the purpose of this review is a baseline in which once the application is running, this document can
be used to help review the system and then increase the security where needed.

**_Vulnerabilities:_**

Possible vulnerabilities within this project would be the level of authentication, whether it is
decided that the public can view and use the application or if an account is needed to purchase an
item or to view the application. If login is needed then we must create a secure login system, as
mentioned in the client meeting it would be best to use the already existing deakin login portal as
it would be secure it would also be easy to implement. Another vulnerability that this project may
face is with the method of purchasing items, this leads into multiple categories, secure method of
purchasing items from the website, with the multiple methods of payments such as credit card,
paypal, afterpay, zippay e.t.c. Then there is the keeping the users data secure during processing.

**_Recommendations:_**

As the company is a strictly online business at the moment majority of the recommendations would be
the basics of website design and coding practices. Depending on the company\'s choice with the login
system, it would be best to use a secure login page that would be held within a data base. With the
later addition of a payment system that would be one area that will need the most security as we
will be handling users sensitive information. Thus we must use the best practices for secure
payment, encryption, multi-factor authentication, if possible have a system to flag and monitor any
suspicious activity.

**_Implementation of Recommendations:_**

With the implementation of the recommendations with where the project is at, the biggest one for all
contributors would be to use latest versions of the software that is possible, and if any older out
of data software is used it would be beneficial to change the software to newer methods (this is
something that is already being done within the company).
