# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

- [Back to Jupyter Notebook Documentation Index](../Index.md)

### Date/Time of Meeting: 11th April 2022, 5:15pm

### Attendees:

- Lachlan F, Ethan K, Matt C, Chetan N

### Minutes by:

- Matt C

### Next Meeting:

- 14th April 2022

---

### Agenda

- Discussion on previous week's work
- Decision on work for coming week

### Announcements

- Ethan advised meeting with Andrew did not happen, because when Ethan signed on, Andrew had already
  disappeared.
- Ethan advised that Jordan had let him know he’d try and go through the code with Ethan once he got
  it all together.

### Discussion

- Suggestion that it would be good to have a team meeting with Jordan T (Product Lead) in order to
  better understand task and how we should go about contributing to it.
- Suggestion that it would be beneficial for team to talk with Andrew to also get a better
  understanding of task and how to attack it. Ethan said he’d talk to Liz (Leadership) on whether it
  was possible.
- Team considered how to overcome contributing issue where each team member can only really write
  code on their own local machine, not on a single machine all team members can work on together:
  - Lachlan suggested team divides tasks into sub-problems, and then make branches for all
    sub-problems, and certain team members work on particular pieces of scope. Ethan countered that
    we don’t really have enough of a direction in terms of the scope, to be able to identify
    sub-problems
  - Team agreed that more information would be needed from either Jordan, Andrew or both, in order
    for the team to be able to move forward. Ethan said he’d send a message.
  - Team also suggested that a message be sent to Thoth Tech leadership, as multiple team members
    were concerned that no concrete contributions had been made towards the project scope, and the
    Week 6 tasks (where contributions are a key factor) were getting closer to being due. Ethan said
    he’d send a message.
- Discussion of fix to errors loaded when the Doubtfire API is loaded. (deleting of pid file in temp
  folder)
- Discussed what everyone has done so far in terms of contributions to the project scope:
  - Most had been looking into the Ruby programming language
- Discussion of Week 6 Checklist from leadership team.
  - Team agreed that some points (i.e. Software Requirement Specification) didn’t apply to us/can’t
    be assessed yet (data/testing requirements).
  - Retrospectives have been had, as team has at times worked out where everyone’s at, and how
    everyone’s going.

### Action Items

- Ethan to send a message to both Jordan T and Andrew, requesting a meeting to understand more about
  the project.
- NOTE: Since the meeting was held earlier than normal because most everyone was available in the
  chat, Ethan later filled Jordan L in on the meeting through a private video chat.

---
