# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

- [Back to Jupyter Notebook Documentation Index](../Index.md)

### Date/Time of Meeting: 14th April 2022, 1pm

### Attendees:

- Matt C, Lachlan F, Chetan N, Ethan K, Andrew Cain

### Minutes by:

- Matt C

### Next Meeting:

- 18th April 2022

---

### Agenda

Meeting with Andrew Cain, to better understand project and how to go about completing project scope.

### Announcements

Nil

### Discussion

- Team started by letting Andrew know that the team is looking for more information on how to move
  forward with the project.
  - We understand a certain file type needs to be taken in natively, but we don’t know where in
    OnTrack that code would need to go
  - None of us have any experience with the technologies we’re using
- Andrew asked the team what they knew so far, and what they understand of it.
  - Asked how Python libraries could be used, as the Jupyter Notebook uses them
- Team informed Andrew that they couldn’t find much information from previous trimester teams, and
  Jordan hadn’t really provided much information.
  - Andrew suggested our team makes sure to try and document what the team is doing, so as not to
    make the same mistake (i.e. so future iterations of the team can review our work, and get a
    better understanding of both it, but also the project too)
- Andrew asked team what they would need to be able to covert Jupyter Notebooks to PDFs on the
  server
  - Andrew advised not to worry too much about previous trimesters work, as they “didn’t do very
    much”. Said it was good to talk to him.
- Discussed about Week 6 OnTrack tasks, and how the team didn’t have anything concrete to really
  show in terms of output.
  - Andrew advised team to say what you are going to contribute, and be honest
  - Say where you are, where you’re going
- Andrew asked team what they would need to do if he gave us a Jupyter Notebook file:
  - Read it
  - Use Ananconda (contains Python Libraries)
    - How much do we need to get from user?
    - We want to move away from PDF files and towards being able to upload a Jupyter Notebook
      itself.
- Libraries are needed to be able to do certain things like plotting graphs, because we need to see
  that in the PDF. This can’t be done from the raw text of the Jupyter Notebook.
- Andrew said it might be worth talking to some staff members (Shandon?)
- Andrew suggests a few ways we might be able to move forward, but says we need to get something
  basic working first and then expand options later
- Andrew asks team about their skill sets to work out what some of the other team members not
  working on the above issue could do.
  - Andrew asks about what team members would like to change about OnTrack if they could.
- Suggests Jupyter Notebook is one area, but others should work on a specific area, not 2-4 wildly
  different areas.
- Chetan asks what other file types could be integrated.
- Andrew talks about “Convert_Submission_to_PDF” function in “task.rb” file
  - Good place to start
  - Could expand documentation in this area
  - Could use code similar Jupyter Notebook code to integrate Word Documents as an accepted file
    type
  - Views folder shows views for generating PDFs
  - Code injected into Lateck (Latex?) file using Minted.
    - Goes into problem with Minted (1 line of code with 50k characters)
    - Pre-processing might be needed before injection into Lateck (long-lines, different characters)
    - After PDF is generated, we’ll need to delete temp files (i.e. PDF created from Jupyter
      Notebook , PDF created from Word Doc, source code file where new line characters are injected)
      created from the process

### Action Items

- Suggested that team works on functionality for both Jupyter Notebook files, but also Word Document
  files
- Andrew says first step is being able to do it on the command line ourselves
  - Don’t write any code until you can do this
  - Do it in a container
  - Purpose of container: convert Jupyter Notebook to PDF
  - Make sure you can log in to the container and map a volume so you can see files
    - Get it so you can type commands in and it will create a PDF from the Jupyter Notebook
- Second step: Copy and paste command/s that you run, into your code
  - In your code, run shell command/script (maybe with Backtix in Ruby)
  - For Word, maybe use Apache POI container to do same thing.
- Container should spit out file that you know the name of, and should know what the file contains.
  This would mean you’re over halfway through:
  - This should then be injected into the final PDF
- Andrew advised:
  - Someone will need to work out where in the existing files these commands go.
  - Two people to each work on one container
  - Someone needs to work out how to read Ruby files character by character and split long lines/cut
    after certain characters
  - One to do documentation (i.e. when you work out how PDF generation works, write a document on it
    so that future trimester’s teams can read and understand.)
- Andrew said to ask questions to him through MS Teams if you need help, but to be specific on where
  you are and what you need, instead of “How does X work?”.

---
