# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

- [Back to Jupyter Notebook Documentation Index](../Index.md)

### Date/Time of Meeting:

- 16th May 2022, 6pm

### Attendees:

- Ethan K, Jordan L, Lachlan F, Chetan N, Matt C

### Minutes by: Matt C (with input from Ethan K, Jordan L, Lachlan F and Chetan N)

### Next Meeting:

- 20th May 2022

---

### Agenda

- Discussion on previous week's work
- Decision on work for coming week

### Announcements

- Lachlan is letting everyone know there is an update in how the company wants documentation added:
  Vale is now needed.

### Discussion

- General update on progress
  - Jordan got his container to work, still looking into a few specifics about it
  - Lachlan plans to update Docker Research Documentation to better reflect how containers work
    - Believes he is ready to start integrating into the OnTrack API.
  - Ethan has answered a Google form from Katrina, running through general information on how we
    will test the containers, including explaining what resources were used in the container’s use,
    and also runs through what resources can be shared.
  - Lachlan is letting everyone know there is an update in how the company wants documentation
    added: Vale is now needed.
  - Matt has written most of SRS (with input from Lachlan F and Ethan K) and User stories (with
    input from Lachlan F) documents for the containers, and let everyone know about how testing
    documents may need to be written for the containers themselves.
- Discussion on testing documents required for Docker containers
  - ACTION: Matt to ask for more clarification on testing documents required by company for the
    containers.
  - Data Strategy: Lachlan says we will have something in place to track conversions, but given
    we’re still in development stage, it is difficult to know exact specifics on how we will do this
    but will keep it in mind.
    - Project Epic mentioned we should track failed conversions, and how many people are using the
      feature/s.
  - Discussion on how containers might be able to check for/report failed conversions
- Discussion on Jordan’s container (Word Doc)
  - Comparison with Lachlan’s work
  - Discussion on function of container, and where it should be taking input/writing output to.
  - Lachlan and Jordan compare how their containers function, focusing on the method of input and
    output, and how best this should be implemented.
- Discussion about Week 11 Handover Video task
  - No information from leadership yet, but Ethan will let us know when he gets more.

### Action Items

- ACTION: Matt to ask for more clarification on testing documents required by company for the
  containers.
- Discussion about Week 11 Handover Video task
  - No information from leadership yet, but Ethan will let us know when he gets more.
- Lachlan plans to update Docker Research Documentation to better reflect how containers work -
  Believes he is ready to start integrating into the OnTrack API.

---
