# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

### Date/Time of Meeting: 18th April 2022, 6pm

### Attendees:

- Jordan L, Lachlan F, Ethan K, Chetan N, Matt C

### Minutes by:

- Matt C

### Next Meeting:

- 22nd April 2022

---

### Agenda

- Team meeting following meeting with Andrew to discuss information gathered from that meeting, and
  work out how to move forward

### Announcements

Nil

### Discussion

- Further discussion following meeting with Andrew on how work should be split between team
  members/what roles should be assigned:
  - Chetan designated to work out, over the week, what dependencies and libraries (i.e. nbconvert,
    Latex) might be required for the Docker container.
  - Jordan said he’d like to do the nbc/Ruby API, looking into the Docker Command into Ruby API
    problem
  - Ethan will take leadership, but will help with front-end, plus any other back end tasks that he
    can.
  - Jordan, Lachlan and Chetan taking Back-End, as a group
  - Matt takes documentation, including technical steps (i.e. decided we needed a docker container
    to hold all Python libraries needed to convert Jupyter Notebook file), and how team has done
    what they’ve done.
- Focus should be on Jupyter functionality, and then move on to Word if there’s less work then we
  anticipated
- Testing should be done on-the-go. (i.e. does your code throw an error?), and one person might then
  need to test it all together
  - Different Ruby-on-Rails tests towards bottom of CONTRIBUTING.md file
  - Ruby file for each type of test
- Went through how the Markdown language needs to be used for documentation
  - Matt will start to write down Meeting Minutes from previous meetings, over the week whilst other
    team members start on their areas.
- Investigation of task.rb file, specifically the Convert_Submission_To_PDF method Andrew talked
  about last week.
  - Jordan, Lachlan and Chetan will look into it, and try to get the method running in a container,
    possibly during the week.
- Nothing needed to be done by the team for the group task 6.2P.
- Might be good for front-end to come up with a logo for the Jupyter Notebook file type, for the
  front-end.
- Make sure to use Trello, and make it “prettier”.

### Action Items

- Jordan said he’d like to do the nbc/Ruby API, looking into the Docker Command into Ruby API
  problem
- Ethan will take leadership, but will help with front-end, plus any other back end tasks that he
  can.
- Might be good for front-end to come up with a logo for the Jupyter Notebook file type, for the
  front-end.
- Jordan, Lachlan and Chetan taking Back-End, as a group
  - Jordan, Lachlan and Chetan will look into the Convert_Submission_To_PDF method, and try to get
    the method running in a container, possibly during the week.
- Matt takes documentation, including technical steps (i.e. decided we needed a docker container to
  hold all Python libraries needed to convert Jupyter Notebook file), and how team has done what
  they’ve done.
  - Matt will start to write down Meeting Minutes from previous meetings, over the week whilst other
    team members start on their areas.
- Chetan designated to work out, over the week, what dependencies and libraries (i.e. nbconvert,
  Latex) might be required for the Docker container
- Nothing needed to be done by the team for the group task 6.2P.

---
