# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

### Date/Time of Meeting: 2nd May 2022, 6pm

### Attendees: Ethan K, Lachlan F, Jordan L, Matt C, Chetan N

### Minutes by: Matt C (with input from Lachlan F, Ethan K and Jordan L)

### Next Meeting: 9th May

---

### Agenda

- Discussion on previous week's work
- Decision on work for coming week

### Announcements

- Lachlan talked to Andrew Cain. Andrew deemed prototype a bad idea, and is not really required

### Discussion

- Discussion on what we could do, moving forward:
  - Try and integrate functionality into local OnTrack copy
  - Andrew told Lachlan our code should basically piggy-back off of an already implemented feature
  - There might be some work for the front end in making sure the student knows that Jupyter
    Notebook files can be accepted.
- Lachlan goes through what Andrew said using a diagram drawn in Paint
  - ACTION: Lachlan will redraw diagram so it can be included in files
  - Already existing function accepts file into OnTrack
  - ACTION: work out where documents are accepted within OnTrack and how we can add Jupyter Notebook
    file type to list of accepted file types
  - ACTION: work out with Andrew how to work with OnTrack Front-End team on adding our functionality
    correctly
  - Containers for OnTrack are always running. Our containers should turn on when needed, but be
    turned off when not needed -> uses docker run command
  - Jordan has done research into how CLI commands for bash script to transfer files/images between
    containers. Shared in chat.
  - Andrew has suggested volumes be used as a shared file system between containers
  - Jordan says he’d like to have the image of his container done by next week. Working currently on
    how to include dependencies for container image.
    - Once image is complete, work on having the bash script communicate with the CLI on which image
      needs to run, based on what file type the CLI has.
  - ACTION: Jordan and Lachlan will make up technical documentation, and will hand to Matt to
    convert to Markdown and submit to company files.
- Creation of “Jupyter Notebook Team Research” document in team’s channel files.
  - Lachlan had been writing information into it.
  - Shows evidence of thoughts the team has had, and steps team have taken so far in understanding
    and completing project scope.
  - ACTION: Team should contribute to document to show evidence of working ideas.
- Discussion on closing stages of semester, and what each team member wants to have as evidence.
- ACTION: Ethan could start looking into the API at task.rb and the Convert_Submission_To_PDF
  function, and document how it works.
  - Working out where student work comes through would be helpful.
  - Might help in seeing where we need to input our new functions.
- ACTION: Matt, Lachlan and Jordan (and any other team members) to meet later in the week to discuss
  how Jupyter and Word containers/images are supposed to work, so that Matt can write documentation
  for it.
  - Go through how do they communicate?
  - Looking into how Docker volumes can be configured.
- ACTION: Fork OnTrack and work on different branches
  - Help team work more closely together on functionalities
- Jordan explains his work to Lachlan:
  - Trying to help Lachlan understand work done so far, and how to use it.
- ACTION: Lachlan and Jordan to work on Jordan’s container (Word) and get it to work.
  - Further discussion on specifics of containers

### Action Items

- ACTION: Lachlan will redraw diagram of what Andrew said so it can be included in files
- ACTION: work out where documents are accepted within OnTrack and how we can add Jupyter Notebook
  file type to list of accepted file types
- ACTION: work out with Andrew how to work with OnTrack Front-End team on adding our functionality
  correctly
- ACTION: Jordan and Lachlan will make up technical documentation, and will hand to Matt to convert
  to Markdown and submit to company files.
- ACTION: Team should contribute to “Jupyter Notebook Team Research” document to show evidence of
  working ideas.
- ACTION: Ethan could start looking into the API at task.rb and the Convert_Submission_To_PDF
  function, and document how it works.
- ACTION: Matt, Lachlan and Jordan (and any other team members) to meet later in the week to discuss
  how Jupyter and Word containers/images are supposed to work, so that Matt can write documentation
  for it.
- ACTION: Fork OnTrack and work on different branches
- ACTION: Lachlan and Jordan to work on Jordan’s container (Word) and get it to work.
- ACTION: To be done straight away:
  - Fork Ontrack
  - Work out where do we integrate our conversion/s?
  - Get Word document image running correctly
  - Figure out how to use volumes to transfer files between Docker images.

---
