# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

## Date/Time of Meeting

23rd May 2022, 6pm

## Attendees

Ethan K, Jordan L, Lachlan F, Matt C

## Minutes by

Matt C (with input from Ethan K, Jordan L and Lachlan F)

## Next Meeting

No next meeting, end of trimester.

## Agenda

- Review of work done in previous week
- Discussion on work for coming week

## Announcements

- Ethan compiled 11.1 Video and has sent it off. He has also sent the document required for that
  task, and nothing else needs to be done at this stage by us.

## Discussion

- Ethan compiled 11.1 Video and has sent it off. He has also sent the document required for that
  task, and nothing else needs to be done at this stage by us.
- Lachlan has done the following:
  - Has updated revised Docker Research file on Documentation Repository
  - Hasn’t had a chance to look at Docker Containers SRS file or User Stories file
- ACTION: Matt to submit draft pull requests for Docker Container SRS and User Stories and tag
  Lachlan to review
- ACTION: Lachlan to review draft pull requests made by Matt
- Discussion over tasks which still need to be done
  - Testing of Docker Containers mentioned
    - Have tested stand-alone containers on separate systems
    - Advised that testing is in progress, although time will run out for us to complete.
    - Hard to write a testing strategy as feature has not been implemented yet.
  - ACTION: Lachlan will review the testing document templates. If he finds that he can write some
    information down for the Docker Containers, he will do so, and pass to Matt to convert to
    Markdown format. Lachlan will let Matt know either way.

## Action Items

- ACTION: Matt to submit draft pull requests for Docker Container SRS and User Stories and tag
  Lachlan to review
- ACTION: Lachlan to review draft pull requests made by Matt
- ACTION: Lachlan will review the testing document templates. If he finds that he can write some
  information down for the Docker Containers, he will do so, and pass to Matt to convert to Markdown
  format. Lachlan will let Matt know either way.
