# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

### Date/Time of Meeting: 25th April 2022, 6pm

### Attendees:

- Lachlan F, Ethan K, Chetan N, Jordan L, Matt C

### Minutes by: Matt C, with input from Chetan N, Lachlan F and Ethan K

### Next Meeting:

- 2nd May, 2022

---

### Agenda

- Discussion on previous week's work
- Decision on work for coming week

### Announcements

- Reminder of full-team compulsory Company wide meeting this coming Wednesday.

### Discussion

- Discussion of progress on last week’s meeting
  - Jordan has been able to finish the command line version of the Word Document -> PDF
    functionality, but hasn’t been able to make a Docker container for it thus far.
  - Chetan hasn’t been able to make any progress thus far yet.
  - Lachlan reports that for the app, he has got the Ruby-On-Rails side working and has created a
    branch from GitHub files, for the Jupyter Notebook -> PDF function.
  - Ethan to start working on front-end for application, working off of Lachlan’s branch.
  - Ethan had helped in submission of group task 6.2P, and planned how to implement front-end of
    prototype.
  - Matt discussed Meeting Minutes files, and how successful pull requests have been made for most
    every file.
- Discussion on Docker component of Prototype and how best to go about it
  - Lachlan to talk with Andrew on specifics with Docker, and how best to implement the prototype
    with regard to the different OnTrack containers (i.e Web API)
- Further Discussion of Prototype
  - Lachlan believes that the prototype should be able to be integrated to OnTrack fairly well, if
    it runs correctly.
  - Discussion on current status of Prototype:
    - Lachlan has made progress on Jupyter Notebook to PDF function. Still needs to work on how to
      connect front-end to back-end container through a Ruby function.
    - Chetan to work on inserting Jupyter Notebok to PDF function into a Docker container.
    - Team asked whether a database is required for the Jupyter Notebook to PDF function.
- Reminder of full-team compulsory Company wide meeting this coming Wednesday.
- Matt to write Markdown file for this meeting, and convert team epic into Markdown format, and pull
  request both to company files.

### Action Items

- Ethan to start working on front-end for application, working off of Lachlan’s branch.
- Lachlan to talk with Andrew on specifics with Docker, and how best to implement the prototype with
  regard to the different OnTrack containers (i.e Web API)
- Chetan to work on inserting Jupyter Notebok to PDF function into a Docker container.
- Matt to write Markdown file for this meeting, and convert team epic into Markdown format, and pull
  request both to company files.

---
