# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

- [Back to Jupyter Notebook Documentation Index](../Index.md)

### Date/Time of Meeting: 28th March 2022, 6pm

### Attendees:

- Matt C, Jordan L, Chetan N, Ethan K, Lachlan F

### Minutes by:

- Matt C

### Next Meeting:

- 4th April 2022

---

### Agenda

Working out of tasks for coming week.

### Announcements

Nil

### Discussion

- Further review of Jupyter Notebook Epic
  - Discussion of what’s in scope of the project
- Discussion of how team wants to split work within scope:
  - Suggestion that team takes a week to review work from previous trimester/s
  - Jordan volunteered he’d be happy to take the documentation workload if no one else wanted it.
    Matt suggested he could also assist.
  - Looked through Team Epic for more info on how to attack the work in scope
- Document created in MS Teams (“Week 4 – 28.3.22”), and added team goals for the week
  - Suggested that Week 4 be spent looking over the work done in previous trimesters, to better
    understand the project scope for the team, but also what the team thinks of the previous work.
  - Matt asked Lachlan to review Github links which are broken, in order to find previous trimester
    work.
  - Ethan suggested upskilling as something that should be done as well, and that we should make
    sure we’ve downloaded all software required
  - Multiple team members suggested different software/languages that upskilling could be done for
- Asked whether everyone had been added to GitHub company.
- Team reminded of why we need to log our contributions (i.e. Week 6 tasks)
- Discussed CONTRIBUTING.md file, specifics about the file, and what the team members had been doing
  towards it.
- Discussed fix to change_remotes.sh file.

### Action Items

- Spend Week 4 looking over previous trimester's work, and upskilling on suggested software/programs
- Lachlan to review GitHub links in order to find previous work

---
