# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

### Date/Time of Meeting: 4th April 2022, 6pm

### Attendees:

- Lachlan F, Ethan K, Matt C, Chetan N, Jordan L

### Minutes by:

- Matt C

### Next Meeting:

- 11th April 2022

---

### Agenda

- Discussion on previous week's work
- Decision on work for coming week

### Announcements

- Ethan advised Jordan T was unavailable to assist with the team for the week, so the team may need
  to contact Andrew.

### Discussion

- Team discussed errors that were found when loading the Doubtfire API, after following the
  CONTRIBUTING.md file.
  - Posited potential causes of errors both Matt and Chetan found.
- Matt let team know of free Ruby tutorial on Codecademy website.
- Lachlan suggested it would be good to get information from higher-ups on where we should code/what
  files are important for the team to use/look into.
- Lachlan let team know he’d written a python script using the nbconvert library. The script imports
  the library, takes in a Jupyter Notebook file and outputs an equivalent LATEX file.
  - He then shows program to team meeting.
  - Advises he’s not sure where PDF generation is done in the OnTrack files on GitHub, and Ethan
    concurred. Lachlan suggested it would be helpful to talk to Andrew about it.
- Matt asked whether Ethan had gotten access to everything following the trade of the Delivery Lead
  role.
- Team agreed that a meeting with Jordan would be beneficial in understanding more about the project
  and where in the existing code files we should be working/placing our work in, as the team was
  still waiting on the code from the previous trimester that he was gathering, which would greatly
  assist us.
- Team discussed LATEX, and how it fits in.
- Team discussed what a Jupyter Notebook file was.
  - Lachlan shared his screen to show an example of a Juypter Notebook file
  - Team investigated where LATEX might’ve/could be used in OnTrack
  - Ethan suggested a PDF Latex might be useful
- Model-View-Controller coding model discussed
- Errors found through booting of local Web API discussed.
- Discussed difference between Ruby and Ruby-On-Rails.
- Discussed how any code we write will need to be tested in order to ensure compatibility with
  system, and make sure it runs properly on more than one device/machine.

### Action Items

- Ethan advised he had a meeting towards the end of the week with Andrew.
- Continue researching and upskilling, whilst Ethan talks to Andrew later in the week to get more
  information.

---
