# Jupyter Notebook - Meeting Minutes

- [Back to Jupyter Notebook Documentation Index](../Index.md)

### Date/Time of Meeting:

- 9th May 2022, 6pm

### Attendees:

- Lachlan F, Jordan L, Ethan K, Chetan N, Matt C

### Minutes by: Matt C (with input from Lachlan F, Jordan L and Ethan K)

### Next Meeting:

- 16th May 2022

---

### Agenda

- Discussion on previous week's work
- Decision on work for coming week

### Announcements

Nil

### Discussion

- Ethan has looked over the task.rb code; says it is very well commented
  - Has talked to Liz about next trimester’s group and handover.
- Lachlan asked Andrew some more questions on the OnTrack API, and Andrew told him to just make sure
  that the stand-alone containers work correctly.
  - These have been put into GitHub
  - Andrew advised that ENTRYPOINT should used.
  - Lachlan shows his work thus far.
  - Container will look for input file in data folder, and execute if a matching document is found.
    An output file will then be written.
  - Lachlan hopes Andrew can help us integrate the functionality into OnTrack.
  - Andrew gave more information on specific commands which allows host’s machine folder to be
    mapped to a volume for the container.
  - Next step is to try and work out how exactly to integrate it into the API
- Jordan talked to Andrew about his work:
  - Jordan believes he should be able to get the work done. However, if he can’t get it Docker-ized,
    the Docker-ization could be handed over to the next iteration of the team as a task. His says he
    is trying to get it done.
    - If a handover of the Docker image task to the next team is needed, Jordan will try to expand
      the application to handle more file types
  - Further discussion on Word-to-PDF container
    - Specifics on containers, volumes and the entry point of the data to be converted.
- Mentioning of testing for containers
  - Test-Strategy-Template discussed, found in GitHub files..
  - Lachlan showed screen, showing CONTRIBUTING.md file
  - Tests will need to be run on what happens if file type is not correct, or file is named
    something different.
    - Validation might be a potential solution to avoid crashing of the system.
    - Idea suggested where file extension is read, and the file is given to the related container
      based off of it.
- Discussion over timeline of last few weeks of semester,
  - Mentioning of week 11 tasks (eg. Team Video, Individual Contribution)
- Discussion over tasks which are still outstanding/could be done.
- Review of meeting minutes files for accuracy

### Action Items

- Lachlan asked Andrew some more questions on the OnTrack API, and Andrew told him to just make sure
  that the stand-alone containers work correctly.
  - Next step is to try and work out how exactly to integrate it into the API
- Jordan believes he should be able to get the work done. However, if he can’t get it Docker-ized,
  the Docker-ization could be handed over to the next iteration of the team as a task. His says he
  is trying to get it done.
  - If a handover of the Docker image task to the next team is needed, Jordan will try to expand the
    application to handle more file types
- Tests will need to be run on what happens if file type is not correct, or file is named something
  different. - Validation might be a potential solution to avoid crashing of the system. - Idea
  suggested where file extension is read, and the file is given to the related container based off
  of it.
- Discussion over timeline of last few weeks of semester,
  - Mentioning of week 11 tasks (eg. Team Video, Individual Contribution)
- Discussion over tasks which are still outstanding/could be done.

---
