## SIT374/SIT378 Capstone Project

## Thoth Tech Company - [QA and Testing]

### Meeting Minutes

01/08/2022

Present: `Matthew Fletcher`, `Parth Aneja`, `David Kwiatkowski`

Next meeting: 04/08/2022 Minutes by: `Matthew Fletcher`

**Agenda** What do we want to accomplish as a team.

- Develop Epics - screen, features (Feature identifying)
- Feature mapping (all) Finding Documentation.
- User Stories (all members).
- Developing a list of Use Cases (`Parth`, `David`).
- Creating a list of Test Cases (`Parth`, `David`).
- UI Automation (`Matthew`).
- Bug Tracking (`Matthew` -via `Trello`?).

QA Question:

**Announcements**

No significant announcements were made

**Discussion**

- Discussion aboutâ€¦

**Action items**

- **Everyone -** [Thoth Handbook research Epics, User stories]
- **[`Matthew`] -** [User stories Template and ]
- **[`David` , `Parth`] -** [Create Git HUb Repository for Our QA and Testing Team]
