# **OnTrack**

## **Privacy Policies**

### **(A) This Policy**

This Policy is issued by each of the Controller entities listed in Section P below (" **we**", "
**us**" or " **our**"). This Policy is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom
we interact, including students, staff (together, " **you** )

This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with
respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read
this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in
accordance with the terms of this Policy.

### **(B) Processing your Personal Data**

Collection of Personal Data: We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following
sources:

Data provided to us: University login credentials

Relationship data: In the ordinary course of our relationship with you.

Website data: required personal information is collected while signup/sign in procedures.

Creation of Personal Data: \*\* \*\* In providing our Services, we may also create Personal Data
about you, such as records of your interactions with host organisation and details of your
interaction on our website and we may record your track on tasks given to you.

Categories of Personal Data: The categories of Personal Data about you that we Process include:

Personal details: names; gender; date of birth / Domestic or International, course details etc.

Contact details: Deakin email address.

Course Assessment: Your Assessment task details, your progress on tasks and results of tasks.

#### **Sensitive Personal Data**

We do collect your personal details, course details to provide you with the assessment tasks. In
Processing your Sensitive Personal Data in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we
may rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:

we have obtained your prior express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in
relation to Process that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or
obligatory in any way);

the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law

the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or

we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing, operating.

### **(C) Data Security**

We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect
your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised
disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful, or unauthorised forms of Processing, in
accordance with applicable law.

Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we
cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such
transmission is at your own risk, and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that
you send to us are sent securely.

### **(D) Data Accuracy**

We take every reasonable step to ensure that:

your Personal Data that we Process are accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; and

Any of your Personal Data that we Process that are inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for
which they are Processed) are erased or rectified without delay.

### **(E) Data Minimisation**

We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process are limited to the
Personal Data reasonably required in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy (including
the provision of Services to you).

### **(F) Data Retention**

We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is only Processed for the minimum
period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. We retain copies of your Personal Data in
a form that permits identification only for as long as:

We maintain an ongoing relationship with (for example, when you are using the site for your tasks)

your Personal Data are necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy

We receive your consent to store the data for a longer period of time (for example, in the case of
application documents for your assessment records.).

### **(G) Your Legal rights**

Subject to applicable law, you may have several rights regarding the Processing of your Personal
Data, including:

The right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, we are unable to provide you with your
course assessment tasks until you provide us with your personal and course details)

The right to request access to, or copies of, your Personal Data that we Process, or control,
together with information regarding the source, purpose and nature of processing and disclosure of
those Personal Data;

the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies in your Personal Data that we Process or
control;

the right to request, on legitimate grounds:

erasure of your Personal Data that we Process or control; or

restriction of Processing of your Personal Data that we Process or control;

the right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the Processing of your Personal Data by us, or on our
behalf;

The right to withdraw your consent to Processing, where the lawfulness of processing is based on
consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed
prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing
of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases);
