# Title: Design Tutorial for 2D racer

## Introduction

UI/UX design needs to be not only eye catching but give a taste of what the game is, and provide an
appealing menu or interactible selection. Brains, and eyes, are naturally attracted to eye-catching
features of bright colours, motion and possibility of interactability. The overall game theme and
story can also depend on the UI/UX, such as darker mute colours for games such as Silent Hill, or
bright colours for games such as Mario.

## Prerequisites

- Programming language
- Art/Canva experience (for static imagery)

## Table of Contents

1. **Designing UX/UI (before we code)**
   1. Examples
   1. What makes a good design?
   1. Game Progression and Levels

## Tutorial Details

### Examples of UI/UX Designs:

![Metroid](https://www.gameuidatabase.com/uploads/Metroid-Prime07292023-114240-27565.jpg)
![Super Smash Brothers Melee](https://www.gameuidatabase.com/uploads/Super-Smash-Bros-Melee07292023-112856-45401.jpg)
![GhostWire: Tokyo](https://www.gameuidatabase.com/uploads/Ghostwire-Tokyo01092023-093052-36340.jpg)
![Aerogauge](<https://www.n64textures.com/data/thumbs/screenshots/areogauge/gent/jabo2/i18npic.431x323.AeroGauge%20(U)%20Neo_1.jpg>)

### What makes a good design of a UI/UX:

Good UI/UX design is based upon the 4 horsemen of designs.

- Diegetic
- Non-diegetic
- Spatial
- Meta

Diegetic UI designs are elements seen or heard and fit within the game's story. Examples include
Metroid and Ghostwire Tokyo; A virus or alien like background with a futuristic sharp edge and
geometric styled shapes. And Hannya mask with technological and, again, geometric lines and shapes.
They both relate back to the story in one way or another - themes, characters, colourschemes, etc.

Non-diegetic is the use of Super Smash Bros Melee and Aerogauge. This relies on elements outside of
the game or story, aspects only the player sees such as menu screens, quest windows, etc.

The design elements of UX/UI design can vary from game to game, and what limitations are available.
There are multiple options for designing a UI, and many to be considered for any sort of game. This
entirely depends on a user's needs, goals and preferences. For low memory consumption, Users may
benefit from a simple static image with micro interactions. This means a static image with animated
loading screens, progressions, or interactive elements. For a 2D racer game, memory consumption can
be important (depending on whether the game shall be ported to other means of support such as a
Raspberry pi). However, UI/UX designs can use low polygon cinematics or 3d videos for a opening
sequence (a non-diegetic screen) to add credits to companies, coding libraries, or other sponsored
partners or used components.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiDQ1iJi49c This is an example of UI/UX of an opening cinematic -
Dual heroes uses a 3d models and environment to produce an opening cinematic (Which was the normal
during its era), as its nots hard coded in a traditional sense but instead uses it as a seperate
file. This was achievable during this era of storage sizes of 4MB (Megabytes), and can be achievable
in small demo games today as well. However, this is far more time consuming and may not work
depending on gameplay styles.

A splash screen (Start menu) can be as simple as a static image with a prompt for the user to hit a
key to begin. Idea for 2d Racer: (Not actual design)
![Initial D](https://wallpapers.com/images/hd/initial-d-background-bs5uua2z6u5klxs8.jpg)

Menu designs can hold a similar concept - A static image with minimal interactive buttons (either
via keyboard inputs or mouse button clicks, depending on preferences)
![Sample Menu display](https://www.theappguruz.com/app/uploads/2015/07/final-output.png)

A high-score interface, similar to the menu design, can also hold a similar concept of a static
image. However, this would include the ability to input initials or a name (depending on how many
letters the user would like to use), along with a list of previous highscores. This could be used in
conjunction with multiple options, such as lap times on each track, or specific tracks individually,
or based off of 'career' or overall gameplay.

Simple interfaces of static imagery can be achieved through multiple programs, including Clip Studio
Paint, MS Paint, and Canva. However, You would still need the option of interactibility through
either keyboard inputs or mouse button inputs.

For a simple 2D racer, your primary functions of input will be to begin, pause, and exit. This is
excluding the user/player inputs of the car on the track.

### Game Progression and Levels

Game progression and levels are always seen in a linear, waterfall methodology. This means that
levels will begin easy (Say, multiple lanes (maybe 5?) with minimal enemies or obstacles) and slowly
ramp up in difficulty and obstacle courses.

Levels could consist of 2 different modes - a career based mode (Each race, one by one, each level
getting progressively more difficult and challenging with 2-5 laps depending on track length, and
main objective is to either come first, or top 3 racers.). Or, a time trial mode - another 2-5 laps
depending on track length, with no opponents or competiting cars, or obstacles.

Depending on how large of a game is to be made, a demo could consist of 1-2 levels (One easy, and
one hard), and a few different options for car colours and possible tracks.

Levels could be designed around geographical locations (Thinking landmarks and typical weather
conditions)

## Expected Learning Outcomes

In the discipline of UI/UX design, you'll investigate the intricate dynamics of human behaviour as
they engage with interfaces. This include understanding user perception of visual aspects,
decision-making, and seamless menu and screen navigation. Your skills will also involve promoting
intuitively comprehensible and user-friendly interfaces and producing layouts that make sense. These
actions will entail making critical data and necessary tasks easier to obtain. In addition to honing
these abilities, you'll exercise visual design, which will help you make more aesthetically
attractive UI elements like buttons, icons, typography, colour schemes, and thorough branding
strategies. This trip is centred around the user-centered design principle, which highlights the
significance of leveraging user desires and preferences as the key drivers of design decisions.

## Conclusion

UI/UX design can not only add a new layer of professionalism and polish to a game, but it can also
additional visuals and, in a way, prepare a player for their game/levels rather than throwing them
in head first into a game with no prior understanding of controls, objectives or what the game is.
It is a necessary buffer between not playing, and playing, by providing appealing visuals and
accessibility.
