## Meeting minutes - Build an Exceptional Game 

### Monday: 8/08/2022  

Attendees at 4:30pm: Morgaine Barter, Lily Lan, Lachlan Morgan, Daniel Agbay,  Jiahao Zheng, Robert
Osborne

Absent: Roy Chen

Next meeting: \*Thursday 6:15pm

Minutes by: \*everyone?

<b>Agenda:</b> by Morgaine Barter posted in Calander invite

- Retrospective meeting covering the points in announcements

<b>Announcements:</b>

6/08 12:21 pm ANTHONY GEORGE

5.1P

Making Progress

Hey Thoth-Tech Leadership, we will need to submit our progress task report next weekend, so let's
use some time this week to document where everyone is at with their projects, specifically:

- Add descriptions of progress to each project

- Include a forecast of the likely state for each project at the end of the trimester
- Indicate any changes to plans for the project.
- Add any new projects that have started since 2.3P was created

According to the task sheet, the updates should be brief and high level – providing a summary not a
detailed description. This submission serves as a check point, indicating how things are progressing
at the midpoint in the trimester.

Ideally, this report should be a markdown document in the company’s central documentation git
repository. In this way, people can contribute to this in a way that is easy to evidence for
inclusion in their portfolios.

I added task 2.3P to the repo, but has it been merged? In hindsight, it should probably be broken
into four, (each of the products).

Is this something operations/processes/documentation can take care of?  Then it's just a matter of,
each team lead can then update their section and do a pull request for it to be included in the
final submission.

<b>Discussion:</b>

Add descriptions of progress to each project

Description of project: building arcade game/s for 2 player arcade machines for the intended use of
showcasing SplashKit functionality and current students work to future students during Deakin open
days

Testing on laptops until physical machines are built.

The completed games are uploaded to the Arcade-games repository and are grabbed from the
Arcade-machine to play at run time. This allows the machine to display a library of games We will
have our game at an enjoyably playable state before uploading to the arcade games repo.  The
main-focus is the group project, smaller/solo projects are being used to test SplashKit functions
before working on or implementing into the group project as upskilling resources and if they reach
an appropriate level of completion, they will be to upload to the arcade-games repo

this requires: -  a thumbnail for game selection of 600x540pixels - a welcome screen (with game
title and student name/creator) - a no toggle function to remove border around game with x - an esc
quit option (while !quit requested) - a max window size of 1600 x 900 for game

_Include a forecast of the likely state for each project at the end of the trimester_

Below the Surface: (group game: main focus)

A 2D Puzzle Platformer that will be built using Splashkit’s functionalities, inspired by a few
classical arcade games. And should be playable by the end of this trimester using the arcade
machine.

Forecast:

- first level finished by 22/08/22 with music

- Collectable items such as hearts will be added to the player lives  double lives will double
  players lives.
- Many levels can be made easily now, level change yet to be implemented(after level one is awesome)
- One player will be playable before the end of trimester
- Two player will need to be refined

Fight game(placeholder): Lachlan Morgan

Street fighter made in splashkit (started last trimester)

Already uploaded to arcade-games repo, is still being polished when possible.

Maze Walker(placeholder): Robert Osborne

A 2.5D maze walking game, will be a raycasting engine built using SplashKit, something similar to
Wolfenstein 3D, being used as a way to upskill in the usage of SplashKit and can have a playable
prototype done by the end of the trimester. Will be able to played on the arcade machine by then as
well. Will only be one player.  Will hopefully have at least 2 prototype levels by the end of the
trimester.

\*

Colour Wrong: Lily Lan

Game design created last trimester: a platform game that the player is a ball and they can only
touch platforms of the same colour as themselves, player can change colours to make it through
different platforms. - again used for upskilling and as an optional task

Indicate any changes to plans for the project.

- how to doc has been replaced by Trello

Add any new projects that have started since 2.3P was created

Level editor: [https://github.com/lmorg42/level-design](https://github.com/lmorg42/level-design)

The level editor has been made so that new levels can be made very quickly

The editor started off just placing tile blocks, now it places tiles and pipes in layers (you can
place pipes on top of tiles) the editor exports a text file when key A is pressed with tile/pipe
information

You can also scroll the camera by holding the alt key to reach areas of the level beyond the window
size

<b>Action Items: General/Everyone:</b>

Create MD file of the discussion section for 5.1 submission collaboration.
