# Github Hosting VS Google Cloud Hosting

The biggest differentiator is that the new versioning platform is a git-based one, meaning that it
is much more flexible (and usable) than Google Code. Instead, a new version control platform would
let users link repositories hosted on GitHub or Bitbucket. With their large manpower and financial
resources, Google should not struggle with developing cloud-based source repositories as something
more robust in the future, provided that enough interest is generated. Well, integrating with
Googles new Cloud Code Platform, as well as automated mirroring, supporting the big two Git
repositories there, definitely sounds like a service that will be attractive to a lot of users.

| GitHub Hosting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Google Cloud Hosting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Bitbucket is a Git-based code hosting and collaboration tool built for teams, with best-in-class integrations for Jira and Trello. While GitHub is mostly for public, open-source content, Bitbucket is mostly used by enterprise and business users. GitHub is one of the most used software development platforms, the home to many open-source projects, and without doubt, the most popular platform to host repositories. | The Cloud Source Repositories Service provides a private Git repository that works with your existing tools, providing high-level replication and encryption to ensure your code is as safe and protected as you expect it to be by Googles cloud infrastructure. |
| The wide adoption of GitHub among smaller developers to host their code has led to a well-tested platform with some of the best user experiences in the open-source community.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Privately host, monitor, and manage changes to large codebases on Google Cloud Platform using a rich Git workflow, connecting with other Google Cloud tools including Cloud Build, App Engine, Pub/Sub, and others.                                               |

## Google Cloud Hosting

Google Cloud includes a number of hosted services for computing, storage, and app development
running on Googles own hardware. Overview of Google Cloud offerings Google Cloud offers services for
computing, storage, networking, big data, machine learning, and IoT, along with cloud management,
security, and developer tools. Cloud computing is about on-demand availability of compute and
storage services, which can range from hardware to advanced algorithms. Google Cloud provides secure
storage, high-powered computation, and integrated data analytics products to meet the needs of
anyone, from the individual home user to large enterprises. The cloud is the future, and Google
makes it possible for anyone to get on board in under 15 minutes thanks to Googles Google Cloud
storage, compute, and data analytics service suite.

After growing as an IaaS provider, Google added more products including load balancers, DNS,
monitoring tools, and data analytics services, pushing the Google Cloud Platform closer to feature
parity with AWS and Microsoft Azure, making it more capable of competing in the general cloud
marketplace. This in-depth guide covers Google Cloud Platforms history, products and services
offered by GCP, and where it fits within the overall cloud market. Google Cloud Platform (GCP),
offered by Google, is a collection of cloud computing services running on the same infrastructure
Google uses internally for its end-user products, like Google Search, Gmail, file storage, and
YouTube.

Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is a cloud computing services portfolio that has grown out of the
original Google App Engine framework to host web applications from Googles data centers. In April
2008, Google announced App Engine, a framework to develop and host web applications on
Google-managed data centers, as the companys first cloud computing service. Since the announcement
of App Engine, Google has added several cloud services to the platform.

Google App Engine -- The name of the Google app engine. Cloud Deployment Manager is a service from
Googles infrastructure-as-code, and it is like Terraform -- though it only deploys GCP resources.
The Cloud Storage SDK from Firebase stores files directly into buckets on Google Cloud Storage, and
as your application grows, you can integrate with other Google Cloud services seamlessly, like
managed computations such as App Engine or Cloud Functions, or machine learning APIs like Cloud
Vision or Google Translate.

Data Studio lets you build visualizations and dashboards from data residing on Google services
(YouTube Analytics, Sheets, AdWords, Local Uploads), the Google Cloud Platform (BigQuery, Cloud SQL,
GCS, Spanner), and a variety of third-party services, saving your reports to Google Drive. In
addition, Google Cloud Dataflow is a data-processing service designed for analytics; extraction,
transformation, and loading; and compute projects running in real-time. From this blog, you will
learn how to access and create Google Cloud Platform projects, how to manage your GCP Production and
Development environments, how to build dataproc clusters, send jobs to the dataproc clusters,
execute BigQuery jobs, load data from Cloud Storage into BigQuery, how to build computer engines
with GPUs for deep learning models, and copy data from your on-premises Hadoop clusters to your
Google Cloud Storage.

## GitHub Cloud Hosting

Google Cloud Hosting, or Compute Engine, is only one of the many services that are offered on the
Google Cloud Platform. A web host is the service provider that stores the files needed to run a
site, including images, videos, and code, and Google Cloud Web Hosting is a part of Googles wider
Google Cloud Platform. Google Cloud web hosts are very configurable to meet the needs of your site,
whether that is the specifications for the virtual servers, datacenter locations, or webserver
software running it all behind the scenes. Google Cloud WordPress hosting may be harder to work with
than some of the more traditional providers, as you need a pretty good sense of what resources are
needed for your site.

This platform can improve your sites performance, and allows you to only pay for the resources that
you need. What makes Google Cloud so scalable is that, unlike traditional Virtual Machines (VMs) or
Virtual Private Servers (VPS), the Google Cloud hosting services for WordPress websites utilizes
several machines to store your data.

If you have a little technical savvy and time to understand how the Google Cloud computing services
work, it is easy to tailor your hosting solution to fit your needs. Speed, security, scale, and
reliability: While you may need to be concerned about speeds with cheaper shared hosts or unreliable
providers, you do not need to with Google Cloud Platform web hosting.

If Cost is your main concern, take a look at our coupons page for the latest hosting plans from
August 2022 -- you will find deals and discounts that you cannot find anywhere else. Is Google Cloud
Platforms Cloud Hosting Worth It? Containers, Instant Messaging Services, Databases: It is all
available on Google Cloud Platform, but the costs can get out of hand fast if you are not careful.
Google Cloud Web Hosting has a pay-as-you-use structure, so costs vary depending on what you need,
and the Pricing Calculator (opens in a new tab) helps users understand what their preferred options
are going to cost. At \$24.2725/month, it is pretty much in the same price range as many managed
WordPress web hosts, but there is one key difference: managed hosts typically offer a hands-off
experience, while Google Cloud puts you in control of your own cloud accounts.

Since the announcement of App Engine, Google has added several cloud services to the platform. In
April 2008, Google announced App Engine, a platform to develop and host web applications on
Google-managed data centers, the first cloud computing service by the company. Google Cloud Platform
is part of Google Cloud, which includes Google Cloud Platforms public cloud infrastructure, as well
as Google Workspace (G Suite), business versions of Android and Chrome OS, and application
programming interfaces (APIs) for machine learning and enterprise mapping services.
