# SIT374/SIT378 Capstone Project

## Thoth Tech Company - CourseFlow

### Meeting Minutes

20/04/2022

Present: [Mel, Kieron, Sharni]

Apologies: [Ted, Rita]

Next meeting: 27/04/2023

Minutes by: [Mel Bugay]

## Agenda

- Weekly review

## Announcements

No significant announcements were made

## Discussion

- 1505: Meeting starts
- 1505: Discussion about progress on the backend system. Sharni re-iterates asking for access to the
  Deakin API to avoid doing redundant work.
- ----: Kieron demonstrates progress from the frontend side, including progress in implementing the
  timetable view, login form.
- ----: Discussion about future plans for project
- 1530: Meeting ends
