# SIT374/SIT378 Capstone Project

## Thoth Tech Company - CourseFlow

### Meeting Minutes

06/03/2022

Present: [Mel David Bugay, Kieron Anthony Boyle, Sharni Sujatha, Ted Wang]

Apologies: [Rita Wu]

Next meeting: 06/04/2023

Minutes by: Mel Bugay

## Agenda

- Progress reports on sprint 1
- Query on organisational requirements of Thoth Tech and documentation requirements
- Query about mentor

## Announcements

No significant announcements were made

## Discussion

- 1500: Meeting starts
- 1505: Kieron presented the current progress on the Trello board
- 1507: Kieron presented current progress on the Figma mockup
- 1510: Sharni comments on Trello board. Mel responds to suggestion on asking the company director
  about gaining access to Deakin's APIs.
- 1520: Mel asks about company's documentation requirements. Sharni says we should talk to the
  company leadership about this since they'll know all the documents we will need.
- 1521: Mel asks who the team should talk to about any technical questions on the project. Sharni
  offers to answer them, alternatively the team can talk to the company leader for company tech
  stack related questions.
- 1522: Ted asks if the product should use Angular/React or Typescript for the frontend framework.
  Sharni says the team should research what the pros and cons of each are and write them in a
  document.
- 1523: Meeting ends
