# SIT374/SIT378 Capstone Project

## Thoth Tech Company - CourseFlow

### Meeting Minutes

06/03/2022

Present: [Mel, Ted, Kieron, Sharni]

Apologies: [Rita]

Next meeting: 07/03/2022

Minutes by: [Mel Bugay]

## Agenda

- Weekly progress review

## Announcements

No significant announcements were made

## Discussion

- 1015: Meeting starts
- 1016: Mel presents the progress on gathering unit information from the handbook. See:
  <https://github.com/thoth-tech/CourseFlow/pull/2> . Sharni re-suggests asking Thoth Tech's
  director about gaining access to Deakin's unit handbook API to avoid doing redundant work. Mel
  agrees, stating some issues faced with the current approach of gathering data from the handbook.
- 1020: Kieron explains the group's discussion on Tuesday (see the minutes at: "2023-04-04 2010 -
  sprint 1 retrospective sprint 2 planning" for details) about the plan to hardcode parts of the
  website for the minimum viable product so that it acts like a guided demo. This fits in with the
  idea of going as "lean" as possible, which was introduced to us during the RapidX workshops.
- 1026: Ted presents the progress in making a prototype first page/signup page.
- 1029: Mel and Sharni discuss the group's plan for the current sprint. Sharni suggests breaking
  tasks in the "in progress" section even further.
- 1035: Meeting ends

## Action items

- **Everyone -** [action]
- **[Individual Name] -** [action]
