---
title: On Boarding Documentation
---

We at Thoth Tech are delighted to have you join our team. We want to take a moment to express how
excited we are to have you join us as you begin this thrilling journey. Your presence here is more
than just a newcomer; it makes a significant contribution to the expansion and success of our
business.

## About Thoth Tech

Thoth Tech is a new software development company currently building from the ground up in Melbourne,
Australia.

Thoth Tech’s mission is to build, operate, and deploy education technologies, creating tools that
enhance education outcomes by empowering students, connecting them with tutors, and facilitating
personalised learning experiences

Thoth Tech currently runs with below products/ projects for T2 2023. These projects have respective
Teams channel (links embedded) for the communications.

Once you have selected Thoth Tech as your company you will have access to relevant channels on
Microsoft teams. For company wide communication you will need to check the
[General](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3aQfx_STHU90OsVYBHVYKhsRQ5gmEe0s9Q6kOpBf6bli81%40thread.tacv2/General?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)
channel under Thoth Tech

- [On Track](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3abd20175d09414f079490a2403f7fca74%40thread.tacv2/OnTrack?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)

- [Splash Kit](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3aeacddf4a1ced46dbaa8e8a6ea0b47a86%40thread.tacv2/SplashKit?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)

- [CourseFlow](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3af886962165924b0ba929c9081b6c56de%40thread.tacv2/CourseFlow?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)

- [Art Gallery](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3ad3cd3317976a4ae1b35edb32b73e3cef%40thread.tacv2/Art%2520Gallery?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)

- [Company Operations](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3aac7a48118f7d4d12b77c587aa2d0b808%40thread.tacv2/Company%2520Operations?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)

## Our Culture and Values

From the very beginning, you'll notice that we foster a culture of collaboration, innovation, and
respect. Our core values,

- Create working, maintainable, and understandable software that is enjoyable and easy to use

- Uphold sustainable excellence

- Be people-focused, collaborate with kindness while being respectful of each other.

- Be inclusive and supportive

are the foundation upon which we build our daily interactions, decisions, and achievements. We
encourage you to embrace these values and contribute your unique perspective to enrich our work
environment.

To build, operate and deploy world class education technologies. This is achieved by creating tools
that enhance education outcomes by empowering students, connecting them with tutors and facilitating
personalised learning experiences.

Our success in achieving our mission will be measured by:

- Achieving a 90% user satisfaction rate with our technology tools.

- Positive feedback from our clients about the impact of our tools on their educational outcomes.

- Delivering our products on time and in accordance with project specifications.

Team Culture

The following strategies for promoting and maintaining a positive team culture are central to our
team culture:

- Encourage team members to communicate openly and honestly, including active listening and
  constructive feedback.

- Create a trusting and psychologically safe environment in which team members can freely express
  their opinions and ideas.

- Encourage collaboration and teamwork, recognising that each team member's contributions are
  critical to achieving our goals.

- Constructively manage conflicts and seek mutually beneficial solutions that promote team cohesion.

- Our employees will always operate with transparency and accountability.

- We strive to always assume positive intent in our communication with each other.

- We promote individual empowerment, with group support.

- We achieve through iteration - progress before result is to be expected

## Thoth Tech Team Structure

Below is the up to date structure of Thoth Tech Company. This is led by the following Managing
Director - Andrew Cain and Glory Lee.

![Org chart](/image1.png)

## Your Impact

We believe that each member of our team plays an integral role in shaping our collective future.
Your skills, experiences, and insights will make a difference as we work together towards achieving
company’s goals. We're excited to witness the impact you'll have on our projects, teams, and overall
success.

## Open Communication

At Thoth Tech, open communication is valued and encouraged. We want you to feel comfortable sharing
your ideas, concerns, and feedback. Whether it's with your immediate team, project leads, or across
project team member and groups, your voice matters, and we're excited to hear your thoughts.

## Onboarding Journey and process

During your onboarding journey, we're committed to providing you with the right support you need to
thrive.

At Thoth Tech we are currently using following:

- GitHub

- Trello

- Visual Studio Code

- Documentation Website

- Microsoft Teams

Pre requisites:

- Submit the onboarding form with your details so that team leads can add you to necessary Github
  pages and you are able to access Trello board as well

- For detailed background about the Thoth Tech company can be found through the “Handbook document”
  shared by Unit Chair or through the following link <https://github.com/thoth-tech/handbook>

- The main Thoth tech github page can be accessed through - <https://github.com/thoth-tech>

- Setup github access (use your personal email ID)

- Install github on your machine (guidance on how to install github can be found below)

- You could also fimilarise yourself through this video
  <https://www.linkedin.com/learning/learning-git-and-github-14213624> (Use Deakin login credentials
  to access for free)

<!-- -->

- How to fork Thoth Tech project's repositories, format commit messages and commit pull requests:
  <https://video.deakin.edu.au/media/t/1_jt9mit59>

<!-- -->

- Check if you have access to Trello board through your Deakin student credentials (Note – Trello
  board will list all the backlog task that the team members can view, select and assign to
  themselves which they are working on).

Specific Tasks based on your Role:

- Ensure you attend the weekly class or go through the recording

- Introduce yourself on the
  [Social](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a149fd9615b2d40d1826f66a22a0382e8%40thread.tacv2/Social?groupId=0e15669c-3f66-49aa-b023-640fe1dda2e0&tenantId=d02378ec-1688-46d5-8540-1c28b5f470f6)
  channel

- Get to know your team, team lead, and mentor

- Your Mentor will reach out to you for setting up weekly cadence. In case you haven’t heard from
  them, reach out to the Mentor to set up one to one connect, decide on next steps and cadences.

<!-- -->

- Ensure the communications on the relevant Teams channel for selected project as well as the
  General channel.

- Understand how the specific teams will collaborate – Trello, Git, Teams, etc.

- Agree and ensure the Team cadence and formats

## Documentation Website

This website is a location for all Thoth Tech document, it provides ease of access for all Thoth
Tech employees to be up to date with what is going on in the company. This website is currently
still in the build stage however, you can catch a glimpse of the work done so far
[here](https://main--stunning-speculoos-7350f4.netlify.app/)

## Trello Board

- Once you have logged into Trello board you should be able to see the landing page

- For ease reference see below all the links to Thoth Tech Trello Boards

- This trimester we will be working exclusively from product Trello boards below, its important you
  all are familiar with your products board and tasks ahead of each meeting.

## Ontrack

- <https://trello.com/invite/b/IKabVmzt/ATTIdf935d63730a48bee701a76b199f48fc61BF23A8/ontrack>

## Splash kit

- <https://trello.com/invite/b/3EpqqJ2R/ATTI059b9f2dd406f27fb680e9461585072553A66FDD/splashkit>

## Art Gallery

- <https://trello.com/invite/b/vM3zAWl4/ATTI5295d86ef53f59a8cd6bccf4206d6d46A699EC05/art-gallery>

## Courseflow

- <https://trello.com/invite/b/eSAkspIF/ATTI893468a2e800cc3d08134dd62c12eebfD403BEDD/courseflow>

## Company Operations

- <https://trello.com/invite/b/nH5S3ecw/ATTI477e1452b98efc3ca2d8853e78712c9bA1039951/company-operations>

- For below example we have selected “Company Operations Trello Board”. The team member can see the
  backlog tasks within this board.

  ![Image 2](/image2.png)

- You can assign the task from backlog to yourself simply by following below steps, in the member
  section add your name

  ![Image 3](/image3.png)

Reference links: you can refer to Getting started with
Trello -<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xky48zyL9iA&ab_channel=Trello>

## GitHub Installation

Below illustrates the relevant steps and guidance you would need to know to get you started and
contribute towards Thoth Tech projects.

Firstly, you would need to get familiar with Github and how to use it as this is where all project
work would reside

- Download Github from it’s official website <https://git-scm.com/> according to the system you are
  working on (Windows, MacOS, Linus/ Unix)

- For example, see the below steps followed for installing Github on Windows 11 machine

  ![Image 4](/image4.png)

- Once the exe file is downloaded, click and start the installation process ![Image 5](/image5.png)
- Accept the terms and conditions ![Image 6](/image6.png)

- Select the location where you want to store the file ![Image 7](/image7.png)

- Select the editor (here we have selected Visual Studio as Git’s default editor)
  ![Image 8](/image8.png)

  ![Image 9](/image9.png)

  ![Image 10](/image10.png)

  ![Image 11](/image11.png)

- And follow rest of installation steps (as pre-selected one’s)

- For git pull setting select as below ![Image 12](/image12.png)

- Configuring experimental options select both and hit install button ![Image 13](/image13.png)

- Once installed select “Launch Git Bash” ![Image 14](/image14.png)

- Git Bash would open up ![Image 15](/image15.png)

- In order to work on any Thoth Tech projects or relevant git links you would need to clone and then
  create pull request for merging the work with the master repository ![Image 16](/image16.png)

## Getting help in Thoth Tech

There are many ways to get help for any of the products in Thoth Tech.

1. Attend your product meeting, you can chat with your team and get help.

2. Attend any help sessions that are scheduled, everyone is working and studying at different times,
   this is a great opportunity to get in touch with someone for help and share your screen.

3. Look at the Teams channels for recorded videos and sessions, there is a Q and A, videos on
   Github/VS code/Plugins on general and there are videos in each channel respectively for the tech
   stack that your product is using.

4. You can reach out on the teams channel, then anyone in the team can reply, this is much better
   than directly messaging as other people can also gain from your post. Post in the general channel
   or the product channel as there is always someone who knows how to fix your issue.

5. Reach out to your Team Members - you can see who is in your team, you can reach out directly to
   any of them.

6. Reach out to your product lead and see if they can help.

7. If you have any questions or need assistance, don't hesitate to reach out to respective Project
   leads and/ or Individual Mentor. They are your point of contact for anything you might need as
   you settle in.

8. Look it up on google/research your problem, this is a standard why for troubleshooting issues,
   millions of people use things like GitHub and the internet is full of guides and information
   which is all a search away.

Also, the welcome pack we provided has lots of videos and suggestions for working within the
company, if you have not read that its important to go through it.

Remember it’s on you to take the initiative and to use all these different means of communicating,
its not just about being given the answer, but about finding the answer for yourself.
