## SIT374/SIT378 Capstone Project

## Thoth Tech Company - QA and Testing (OnTrack)

### Meeting Minutes

28/07/2022 , First Meeting

Present: `Matthew Fletcher`, `David Kwiakowski`, `Parth Aneja`

Apologies: None

Next meeting: 01/08/2022

Minutes by: `Matthew Fletcher`

**Agenda**

### Intro

**We are a team of individuals, A lead is not more important than the team, tasks are not handed
out.**

**We get out what we put in, Be enthusiastic. It is be better to be enthusiastic, work hard and make
small improvements. Rather than just do the bare minimum, get nowhere and learn nothing.**

### Who, What, Why (Individual)

Who are we and What do we know of QA and Testing?

- `Matt`: Structures and procedures for testing
- `David`: Making sure functionality is met, developed without flaws
- `Parth`: How to create test cases and use cases.

**What are our individual strengths, What course do we study what are our interests?**

- `Matthew`: Automation, test case creation and team management.
- `Parth`: IT Analyst, aims to work with testing and QA. Project Management. interest: Tech, gaming,
  C++.
- `David`: Bachelors of IT, working System administration, scope technical work. Not sporty, not
  Strong in programming C++.

**What are we looking to do this trimester in QA and Testing?**

- `David`: Build an Automation framework, create a structure around UI testing and test case
  creation.
- `Parth`: Learn skill-set of testing. Up-skilling in what QA is an possibly look at automation.
- `David`: Automation, Apply knowledge. Functional testing with emphasis on simplicity.

### Starting off

Firstly we don't have to have a rigid plan of what we want to do, we are planning, ask and, review.

**What can the QA do?**

- Feature investigation
- Use case creation
- Test planning
- Test case creation
- Documentation
- Guides
- Automation
- Functionality testing

### Review

**What can each of us do/want to be able to do:**

- `David`: Use Case and Features
- `Parth`: Test Case Creation
- `Matt`: UI Automation, team management.

### Meetings

**What are our meetings?** Stand-ups:

- Monday: after 6:00-6:30
- Thursday: 8pm-8:30

**Time Tracking:**

- In Excel

**Action items**

- **Everyone -** Go over Thoth Tech Handbook, and Watch QA videos (The Videos are being sent out to
  you soon. watch this space)
- **Everyone -** Brainstorm ideas for what we want to achieve as a group.
- **`Matt` -** Collate QA testing videos.
