# Meeting minutes

Thurday at 4:40 5/05/2022

Attendees: Nick Agiazis, Anthony George, Sarah Gosling, Riley Nicholas Dellios, Morgaine Barter,
Bella Chhour, Lily Lan, Huy Pham, Lachlan

- [ ] Next meeting: 12/5/2022 6PM Thursday

Minutes by: Morgaine Barter

## Agenda

- Documentation
  - Spoke about where documenation currently is.

## Announcements

- New Team Member joining us

## Discussion:

- Documentation Chat
- Introducing the Agenda and Lachlan Morgan

## Meeting

- 6pm: introducing the Agenda and Lachlan Morgan

- 6.30pm - Documentation Chat

- 6:45pm: issue with input between arcade machine and game executables as both are looking for input
  in update (need to run as admin to ignore input) not sure how to go about fixing this problem.

- 7:05 different way to block input? Using delay? Mouse (if mouse leaves window...)

## Action Items:

- how to build documentation for ‘build a cool game’

- Testing strategies\* (expected input responses as well such as movement or actions)

- Bug report template

  - (How to load games using config file) - user guide

- Data collection strategy (work on next week as a user feedback metric)

- Arcade test cases\*\* important

By week 11 handover for next trimester
